[CloudPC] Added MEM admin poweron and poweroff actions (#20365)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpc.md

|[Change user account type](../api/cloudpc-changeuseraccounttype.md)|None|Change the account type of the user on a specific Cloud PC.|
|[End grace period](../api/cloudpc-endgraceperiod.md)|None|End the grace period for a [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object.|
|[Get remote action results](../api/manageddevice-getcloudpcremoteactionresults.md)|[cloudPcRemoteActionResult](../resources/cloudpcremoteactionresult.md)|Check the [Cloud PC-specified remote action results](../resources/cloudpcremoteactionresult.md) for a Cloud PC device.|

> |[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. Cover Shift Work CloudPC for MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. Cover Shift Work CloudPC for MEM admin scenarios.|
```

> |[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. Cover Frontline CloudPC for MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. This action supports Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|
```

> |[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. This action supports Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer 2: Should the descriptions here specify that it's a Windows 365 Frontline Cloud PC?

> |[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. This action supports Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific Windows Frontline [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. This action supports Windows Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|
```

> |[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific Windows Frontline [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. This action supports Windows Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Power on](../api/cloudpc-poweron.md)|None|Power on a specific Windows Frontline [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object. This action supports MEM admin scenarios.|
```

> |[Power off](../api/cloudpc-poweroff.md)|None|Power off a specific [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object.This action supports Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Power off](../api/cloudpc-poweroff.md)|None|Power off a specific  Windows Frontline [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object.This action supports Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|
```

> |[Power off](../api/cloudpc-poweroff.md)|None|Power off a specific  Windows Frontline [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object.This action supports Frontline MEM admin scenarios.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Power off](../api/cloudpc-poweroff.md)|None|Power off a specific  Windows Frontline [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) object.This action supports MEM admin scenarios.|
```
